Correct framework usage in new docs (#4763)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Autocomplete/00 Getting Started with Autocomplete/25 Customize Item Appearance.md

---
##### jQuery

To customize the appearance of all Autocomplete suggestions, define an [item template](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/DataExpressionMixin/1%20Configuration/itemTemplate.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAutocomplete/Configuration/#itemTemplate'). 

If your data is grouped, you may want to customize the group headings. Define a [group template](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxAutocomplete/1%20Configuration/groupTemplate.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAutocomplete/Configuration/#groupTemplate') for that purpose. 

> You can also enable [wrapItemText](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDropDownList/1%20Configuration/wrapItemText.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAutocomplete/Configuration/#wrapItemText') if item text exceeds the drop-down list width to wrap the text.

Reviewer: You can also enable [wrapItemText](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDropDownList/1%20Configuration/wrapItemText.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAutocomplete/Configuration/#wrapItemText') to wrap the text if the item's text exceeds the width of the drop-down list.

> You can also enable [wrapItemText](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDropDownList/1%20Configuration/wrapItemText.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAutocomplete/Configuration/#wrapItemText') if item text exceeds the drop-down list width to wrap the text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also enable [wrapItemText](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDropDownList/1%20Configuration/wrapItemText.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAutocomplete/Configuration/#wrapItemText') to wrap the text if the item's text exceeds the width of the drop-down list.
```

##### Vue

To customize the appearance of all Autocomplete suggestions, define an [item template](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/DataExpressionMixin/1%20Configuration/itemTemplate.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAutocomplete/Configuration/#itemTemplate'). To customize an individual suggestion, use [custom templates](/concepts/05%20UI%20Components/zz%20Common/30%20Templates/10%20Custom%20Templates.md '/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Common/Templates/#Custom_Templates') property.

If your data is grouped, you may want to customize the group headings. Define a [group template](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxAutocomplete/1%20Configuration/groupTemplate.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAutocomplete/Configuration/#groupTemplate') for that purpose.

> You can also enable [wrapItemText](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDropDownList/1%20Configuration/wrapItemText.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAutocomplete/Configuration/#wrapItemText') if item text exceeds the drop-down list width to wrap the text.

Reviewer: Same here

If your data is grouped, you may want to customize the group headings. Implement the [groupRender](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDropDownList/1%20Configuration/groupRender.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAutocomplete/Configuration/#groupRender') or [groupComponent](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDropDownList/1%20Configuration/groupComponent.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAutocomplete/Configuration/#groupComponent') function for that purpose.

> You can also enable [wrapItemText](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDropDownList/1%20Configuration/wrapItemText.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAutocomplete/Configuration/#wrapItemText') if item text exceeds the drop-down list width to wrap the text.

Reviewer: and here
